Question 1 - If you have not collaborated with any one, this document should include the following statement:
I did not collaborate with anyone while working on this assignment.


Question 2 - If you have not consulted any external sources, this document should include the following statement:
I did not consult any sources other than the textbook while working on this assignment.

Question 3 - Late Work/Make-up and Missed Exams
Doing the assignments in a timely manner greatly contributes to your learning experience. The
assignments are meant to help you exercise the material you learned while it is still fresh in your mind. It
also enables you to check your grasp of the material and ask for help, if needed, so you do not fall behind.
In my effort to motivate you to do your homework assignments in a timely manner, late assignments will
be accepted; however, there will be a penalty of 10% per day for submitting late assignments. Exceptions
will be granted on individual basis, and only for extreme circumstances.

Question 4 - Attendance
Regular class attendance is expected by the University and is the responsibility of the student. It is the
responsibility of the student to understand the attendance policy in each course he or she takes, as
outlined in each course syllabus.
When absent, students remain responsible for finding out what class activities occurred during the
absence and making up missed work if the instructor permits it. When a student knows in advance that it
will be necessary to miss a class session, the student should inform the instructor.
When a student has missed a significant portion of coursework, which may be difficult or impossible to
make up, the student should confer with the course instructor to explore options, including withdrawal or
late withdrawal from the course. The student also may consult with an Academic Adviser, the Dean of
Students or designee, or the Registrar's Office to consider various options.
Absences occasioned by official University activities, such as participation in conferences, intercollegiate
athletic events, musical performances, and other events, must be documented in advance through the
Office of the Dean of Student Affairs. A student that knows that such absences will occur shall confer with
the instructor in respect to such absences.

